.. illustris_elt documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Nov  7 09:31:29 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

illustris_elt's documentation
=============================

The main goal of this project is to connect the Illustris cosmological
simulation database to the ELT/MICADO instrument simulator, in order to
determine the observational limits of the ELT/MICADO system with respect to
star formation before cosmic noon (z>2).

The ELT will have sensitivity similar to the next generation of space-based
telescopes, but with a resolution 50x better. This will enable the study of the
spatial characteristics of the earliest galaxies on scales of ~100pc. This in
turn will enable the scale and spatial extent of the star formation regions to
be understood, and should shed light on just how the first stars and galaxies
formed in the universe.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:


   background/project_scope_goals
   background/package_architecture

   code_design/ideas

   roadmap/roadmap

   background/science_as_software_methodology



Goals of this study
-------------------
Target z>2, goal z>5

* Determine surface brightness observation limits for individual star forming
  regions in z>2 galaxies in all the major NIR filters
   * Calculate what star formation rate this translates to

* Determine whether the star formation mechanism (triggered vs jeans collapse)
  will be observable in z>2 galaxies by observing

* See whether this technique of "science as software" is a viable methodology
  for scientific research


Background
----------
* ELT
* Star formation
* Universal in all environments?
* Constant over time / outside the Milky Way?
* High-z galaxies
* What is different to today's galaxies

Tools
-----
* Illustris
   * What is Illustris?
   * Why is this interesting to use?
* SimCADO
   * What is SimCADO?
   * What can SimCADO deliver?

Questions
---------
* Using SmCADO to observe galaxies generated by Illustris
   * Why? - To determine the observational limits of key observational quantities?
   * Why? -
      * Because time on the ELT (TMT etc) will be very expensive
      * Because we want to find out which fundamental questions the ELT will help us answer
* What properties of the illustris galaxies do we want to look at?
   * Star formation rate
   * Star formation distribution at different z
   * General galaxy structure in high-z galaxies
   * Consequences of Interactions between galaxies at high-z

Secondary Question
------------------
???

Success Criteria
----------------
* We have a pipeline which
   * queries Illustris galaxies
   * downloads particle information that belong to the galaxies
   * projects the galaxies in any orientation
      * also determines which

References
----------
